what about end-to-end tests? they pass? auto-reply flow for pn@getsally.io, reading its conversation history from ui !!! you hear from ui, not backend api,
  test ui !!!  before and after redirecting to contact page after click and seeing his conversation history you must ckeck if the contact pn@getsally.io
  conversation history now with new message sent just few secodns ago via this test - do you undersntadnd? 


 not in databas only, i need smartlead campaign too also i need to see in this test all other camapigns pn@getaslly.io was engageed too as for any other      
  contact, alwyas show its conversation history forall camapings historiclly!!!!!!! really!!!!!!!! or implement pagination for cases of 100+ camapings but   
   that's probsably test dat, i like ui ux of seeclting camapigns ho


 why mismtach url on the prokect page and selcted project in top left corner selct??????????? RESOLVE ALL IN tasks/test_project/autotest/bugs, especially    
  latest added screenshots , wtf???????????? NO CONVESRATION HISTORY FOR pn@getsally.io, number of campaings shown is 30+ but can selct only 4, why such       
  stupid shit possible ever??????????/ RETHINK WHOLE APPROACH OF END-TO-END TESTING IF YOUR TESTS ALLOW SUCH TO HAPPEN, ALSO SNEDING MESSAGE TO                
  PN@GETSALLY.IO DOESN'T WORK, ALSO WHY WRRTITEN "SENT VIA E2E TEST"????????        






──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────








  Make conversation history available by campaigns in replies view for PM Gatsali, end-to-end test open browser, make screenshots, see what you are building, unless that becomes shit, right? So see what you build each time you build. Iterate       
  only after you see in browser, screenshotted and analyzed, right? There is currently no PM Gatsali conversation history. After I've been redirected, I see conversation history, but campaigns, I mean in lead details model view in CRM, but     
  campaigns are not sorted and campaigns are not, I can't see dates, right? So it's not suitable. And also while submitting, I still see, I'm submitting a reply in auto-replies flow on replies page. I see that number of contacts needing            
  replies is not changed after I reply, but it should change immediately, right? So make screenshots on each step, on each transaction status change if you draw this, like, finite state machine, make a good plan to, like, build auto-tests so       
  that you screenshot after each step and you find first, like, screenshot all the process, all each step, all each small event sub-step of step, you know? And then you analyze all of this and build like, like what I asked you. You build,      
  like, most suitable UI/UX for this flow, reusing the same conversation history everywhere. Same buttons, I mean, in CRM, in replies process, same components, just good UX like Apple, like minimalistic, but, like, suitable for outreach. 





  also smartlead link to inbox wit hthe lead must be viilb in the top right corner for pn@getsally.io as for any other contact!!!!